README.md, before:

# Barça Pedia — Server

## [See the App!](www.your-deploy-url-here.com)

![App Logo](your-image-logo-path-or-name)

## Description

Barça Pedia es una aplicación donde los usuarios pueden explorar jugadores históricos y actuales del FC Barcelona. Los administradores pueden crear, editar y eliminar jugadores, mientras que los usuarios pueden ver información, estadísticas y dejar comentarios.

#### [Client Repo here](www.your-client-repo-url-here.com)  
#### [Server Repo here](www.your-server-repo-url-here.com)

## Backlog Functionalities

- Sistema de likes para comentarios  
- Favoritos para jugadores  
- Búsqueda avanzada por temporadas  
- Perfiles de usuario mejorados  
- Chat o foro entre culés  
- Integración con APIs externas de fútbol  

## Technologies used

Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose, JWT, Bcrypt, Cloudinary, Multer, CORS

# Server Structure

## Models

User model

```javascript
{
  username: {type: String, required: true, unique: true},
  email: {type: String, required: true, unique: true},
  password: {type: String, required: true},
  role: {type: String, enum: ["user", "admin"], default: "user"}
}

## player model
{
  name: {type: String, required: true},
  social: String,
  image: String,
  teamTrophies: [String],
  individualAwards: [String],
  nation: [String],
  description: String,
  goals: {type: Number, default: 0},
  assists: {type: Number, default: 0},
  birthday: Date,
  position: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref: "Position", required: true}
}

## position model
{
  name: {type: String, required: true}
}

## comment model

{
  text: {type: String, required: true},
  userId: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref:'User', required: true},
  playerId: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref:'Player', required: true}
}

| HTTP Method | URL                          | Request Body                | Success status | Error Status | Description                                    |
| ----------- | ---------------------------- | --------------------------- | -------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| POST        | `/auth/signup`               | {username, email, password} | 201            | 400          | Registers the user in the Database             |
| POST        | `/auth/login`                | {email, password}           | 200            | 400          | Validates credentials, creates and sends Token |
| GET         | `/auth/verify`               |                             | 200            | 401          | Verifies the user Token                        |
| GET         | `/players`                   |                             | 200            | 400          | Shows all players in the DB                    |
| POST        | `/players`                   | Player Object               | 201            | 400          | Creates a new Player (admin only)              |
| GET         | `/players/:playerId`         |                             | 200            | 400, 404     | Sends all player details                       |
| PUT         | `/players/:playerId`         | Player Object               | 200            | 400, 401     | Edits player document (admin only)             |
| DELETE      | `/players/:playerId`         |                             | 200            | 401          | Deletes player document (admin only)           |
| GET         | `/positions`                 |                             | 200            | 400          | Shows all positions                            |
| GET         | `/positions/:positionId`     |                             | 200            | 400, 404     | Shows one position                             |
| GET         | `/comments/player/:playerId` |                             | 200            | 400          | Gets all comments for a specific player        |
| POST        | `/comments`                  | {text, playerId}            | 201            | 400, 401     | Creates a comment (logged users only)          |
| DELETE      | `/comments/:commentId`       |                             | 200            | 401, 403     | Deletes a comment (only author)                |
| POST        | `/upload`                    | (form-data image)           | 200            | 400          | Uploads an image to Cloudinary                 |


## Links
-Collaborators

Anton(https://github.com/antonsanchoe-arch)

Mateo(https://github.com/MateoSancho)

-Project

https://github.com/MateoSancho/futbol-project-client

https://github.com/MateoSancho/my-app-server

https://barca-pedia.vercel.app/

-Trello

Link to your trello board

-Slides

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QrAjMWU1wV6tRuXLtNAvMUXiSNwhcvX8kxjNU1HJwKc/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p

Commit message:

Translate application description to English

README.md, after:

# Barça Pedia — Server

## [See the App!](www.your-deploy-url-here.com)

![App Logo](your-image-logo-path-or-name)

## Description

Barça Pedia is an application where users can explore past and present FC Barcelona players. Administrators can create, edit, and delete players, while users can view information, statistics, and leave comments.

#### [Client Repo here](www.your-client-repo-url-here.com)  
#### [Server Repo here](www.your-server-repo-url-here.com)

## Backlog Functionalities

- Sistema de likes para comentarios  
- Favoritos para jugadores  
- Búsqueda avanzada por temporadas  
- Perfiles de usuario mejorados  
- Chat o foro entre culés  
- Integración con APIs externas de fútbol  

## Technologies used

Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose, JWT, Bcrypt, Cloudinary, Multer, CORS

# Server Structure

## Models

User model

```javascript
{
  username: {type: String, required: true, unique: true},
  email: {type: String, required: true, unique: true},
  password: {type: String, required: true},
  role: {type: String, enum: ["user", "admin"], default: "user"}
}

## player model
{
  name: {type: String, required: true},
  social: String,
  image: String,
  teamTrophies: [String],
  individualAwards: [String],
  nation: [String],
  description: String,
  goals: {type: Number, default: 0},
  assists: {type: Number, default: 0},
  birthday: Date,
  position: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref: "Position", required: true}
}

## position model
{
  name: {type: String, required: true}
}

## comment model

{
  text: {type: String, required: true},
  userId: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref:'User', required: true},
  playerId: {type: Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref:'Player', required: true}
}

| HTTP Method | URL                          | Request Body                | Success status | Error Status | Description                                    |
| ----------- | ---------------------------- | --------------------------- | -------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| POST        | `/auth/signup`               | {username, email, password} | 201            | 400          | Registers the user in the Database             |
| POST        | `/auth/login`                | {email, password}           | 200            | 400          | Validates credentials, creates and sends Token |
| GET         | `/auth/verify`               |                             | 200            | 401          | Verifies the user Token                        |
| GET         | `/players`                   |                             | 200            | 400          | Shows all players in the DB                    |
| POST        | `/players`                   | Player Object               | 201            | 400          | Creates a new Player (admin only)              |
| GET         | `/players/:playerId`         |                             | 200            | 400, 404     | Sends all player details                       |
| PUT         | `/players/:playerId`         | Player Object               | 200            | 400, 401     | Edits player document (admin only)             |
| DELETE      | `/players/:playerId`         |                             | 200            | 401          | Deletes player document (admin only)           |
| GET         | `/positions`                 |                             | 200            | 400          | Shows all positions                            |
| GET         | `/positions/:positionId`     |                             | 200            | 400, 404     | Shows one position                             |
| GET         | `/comments/player/:playerId` |                             | 200            | 400          | Gets all comments for a specific player        |
| POST        | `/comments`                  | {text, playerId}            | 201            | 400, 401     | Creates a comment (logged users only)          |
| DELETE      | `/comments/:commentId`       |                             | 200            | 401, 403     | Deletes a comment (only author)                |
| POST        | `/upload`                    | (form-data image)           | 200            | 400          | Uploads an image to Cloudinary                 |


## Links
-Collaborators

Anton(https://github.com/antonsanchoe-arch)

Mateo(https://github.com/MateoSancho)

-Project

https://github.com/MateoSancho/futbol-project-client

https://github.com/MateoSancho/my-app-server

https://barca-pedia.vercel.app/

-Trello

Link to your trello board

-Slides

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QrAjMWU1wV6tRuXLtNAvMUXiSNwhcvX8kxjNU1HJwKc/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p
